hi I'm Chelsea and I'm a registered
dietitian with health and nutrition
technology today we're going to be
exploring how you can easily take a
beautiful ear of corn on the cob remove
the corn kernels and measure how much
corn is actually on one ear now we pose
this question how much corn is actually
on one ear because we know that looking
at our calories steps corn is a
high-calorie vegetable and referring
back to our calorie steps we know that
cord is 135 calories per cup so
oftentimes at a barbecue etc you can
consume an ear-to-ear some corn but
really pose the question to yourself how
much corn have I actually consumed so
let's solve this myths together right
now now what tip that I have for you for
cutting corn off the cob is to once you
have removed the husk so we're going to
remove the husband is always a great
idea to have a trash can near by and he
wasn't ensure that you get all this silk
off because silk and your teeth is not
attractive nor does it provide any
additional nutrition so we're just going
to ensure that the silk and that the
husk have been removed and so it a large
cereal bowl I have placed a small bowl
upside down now what we are going to do
is take a nice sharp knife and remember
sharp knives are essentially safer than
dull knives because dull knives you have
to apply more pressure and thus you pose
more risk for cutting yourself so
remember always have a sharp knife so
we're going to take the knife and
essentially just cut the corn off the
cob and so the theory behind this is
that all the corn will fall into the
bowl and you might want to be very
ginger with your head
technique so your court does not go all
over your kitchen because we know that
time is is very valuable these days and
so ensuring that we don't have a huge
mess to clean up is very important now
I'm going to just rotate this because on
Bo that we had available was not
essentially huge so the larger the goal
that easier it will be to catch all the
corn kernels so here we see that it's a
very efficient way of getting the corn
off of the calm one thing that I love
about corn is that it is so adverse atty
Lorne you know sure enough to calm you
can boil it in water or perhaps if you
want to be a venturis you can come throw
it on the grill so let's say you have a
nice charcoal fire lit or you have a gas
grill you can essentially leave the corn
in the husk and pop it on the grill
until the husk have become charred and
the corn is nice and roasting inside so
we just want to remove the small bowl
from the inside of the corn large bowl
containing the corn and this way we can
easily measure out how much corn is on
one ear so here we have a measuring cup
and I'm going to grab a spoon real quick
or cook just to get the corn kernels in
the cup now a good rule of thumb is that
once you do this a couple times you have
a general idea of the size of the ear of
corn and how much corn that correlates
to via cup so we see that you know a
large air corn a medium to large era
corn produced roughly one cup of corn or
the equivalent to 135 calories
so the next time you indulge in your
favorite vegetable refer back to those
calories steps be wise so that when
you're keeping track of your records you
are truly living in reality enjoy that
corn